Hello everyone and welcome to Learn App Design.
This is Angela from the London App Brewery and I'm going to be taking you through this introductory course
into the art of mobile design.
So we designed this course with a set of students in mind.
Now during the time that we've been working as a development studio, we've had many clients who've come
on board wanting to develop apps and start an app company. But we've also noticed that while everybody
owns a mobile phones and have visions and ideas about app companies that they could create but a lot
of people don't have a good grasp of the fundamentals of app design.
And so we crafted a course for these app entrepreneurs, people with no fore background in design, to get an
overview of all of the important aspects of app design.
We've put together some of the core fundamentals of graphic design, digital design, as well as user interface
and user experience design in relation to mobile app design.
So anybody who's met me knows I'm a big believer in the Pareto Principle which states that in life 80%
of the results or 80% of the gains come from 20% of the results. And this course
is structured to be that 20% of information that you need to know in order to achieve 80%
of the gains in terms of creating beautiful, emotional, lovable app designs.
It's not aimed at people who want to get jobs as a user interface or user experience designer.
It is intended to be a fast track way for somebody with no formal background in design to understand
the most important and the most rewarding parts of app design.
So with that goal in mind it's time to get started.